Add coding style about mock (#804)
vdaas/vald: docs/contributing/coding-style.md

        type want struct {
            // generated test code
    ```
### Mock

> There is a lot of dependency between each package. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Vald, we use a lot of external library, there are a lot of dependencies between libraries.
```

> As a result, the complexity of the test has increased, and it has become more difficult to determine whether or not to mock dependent objects.

Reviewer: I think we should also mention the risk of using mock, and we should also mention to avoid using mock unless the test is extremely difficult to implement

#### Cases where you can use mock

> When a dependent object has the following feature, we strongly suggest to use mock.

Reviewer: we do not suggest to use mock; we can decide to mock to not
```suggestion
When a dependent object has the following feature, you can decide to mock the dependent.
```

> - Implementation incomplete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Incomplete implementation
```

> - Communicate with outside words.

Reviewer: maybe this is correct?
```suggestion
- IO
```

>   - network access ..etc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Network access, disk operation, etc.
```

> - Depends on hardware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hardware dependent
```

>   - CUP and memory usage, and io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - CPU, memory usage, disk IO, etc.
```

- Difficult to create error of dependent object (when we will write error test case)
- Difficult to initialize

>   - Random number and time, file io initialization, and depends on execution environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Random number and time, file IO initialization, environment dependent, etc.
```

> - Test result may change

Reviewer: (just an comment) I think if we use any external library, the result can be changed after the release

>   - Cases where the implementation and test code are not changed but the test result changes

Reviewer: Does it mean
```suggestion
  - The testing result is base on random factor
```

>   - depends on the system call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - System call dependent
```

#### How to create mock

1. Basic mock example.

>     When we test the `Encoder` function of `encoder` structure, we suggest to create mock object of `Encoding` and `Encoder` interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, we decided to mock the following implementation `Encoder`
```

    ```go

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    package json

    type Encoder struct {
        Encode(interface{}) ([]byte, error) 
    }

>     type Encoding interface {

Reviewer: Please explain where is this interface come from

        NewEncoder() Encoder
    }

    ```

    ```go

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    type encoder struct {
        encoding json.Encoding
    }

    func Encode(obj interface{}) ([]byte, error) {
        return e.encoding.NewEncoder().Encode(obj)
    }

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    ```

>     And there are 4 rules of mock code.

Reviewer: I think we can describe the rules before the example first

    
    - File location is same pacakge as mock target.
    - File name is `〇〇_mock.go`
    - Structure name are `Mock{Interface name}`
    - Method injected from test code is `{Method name}Func`

>     The following is an example of mock code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following is an example of mock implementation:
```

    ```go

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    package json

    type MockEncoder struct {
        EncoderFunc func(interface{}) ([]byte, error)
    }

    func (m *MockEncoder) Encode(obj interface{}) ([]byte, error) {
        return m.EncodeFunc(obj)
    }

    type MockEncoding struct {
        NewEncoderFunc func() Encoder
    }

    func (m *MockEncoding) NewEncoder() Encoder {
        return m.NewEncoderFunc()
    }

    ```

>     The following is an example of mock injection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following is an example implementation of test code to create the mock object and mock the implementation.
```
